there's two things a man loves sexiness
and power and the o1d provides you both
in a beautiful enclosure just like a
Lamborghini which is why this collab
between lean Lee and Lamborghini makes a
lot more sense than I actually thought
the o1d Evo RGB automobile Lamborghini
Edition is a cool new refresh of the
recently introduced o1d Evo RGB before
we get in there let's figure out let's
see what's in this top box I'm not going
to lie going straight from uh a
beautiful Lamborghini color to just
blank cardboard is a bit of a dip in the
experience but what do we have in here a
nice little screw organizer some metal
brackets not sure exactly what they're
for uh we'll find out soon comes with a
GPU anti- sag bracket as well and then
paperwork I'm assuming this might be for
the RGB we'll find out as we go along
the o1d has been around for a while and
has received a fair number of revisions
and for good reason it's a great case
that has a balance of customizability as
well as just looking really good without
having to put in too much effort and
that's why we've seen so many cofy cats
from case manufacturers all
around but I feel like no one really
quite does it just like lean Lee and I'm
really excited to see how they've taken
the design sensibilities of a
Lamborghini and added it to this case
and our first hint of that is sporty
carbon fiber I'm not sure if the stuff
around the legs is legitimate carbon
fiber or if it's just like a fancy
plastic but I do know that the panels at
the top are real carbon fiber cuz that's
what Le and Lee says they are come off
let me
in ooh it's got this half mirror finish
that I'm a huge fan of that makes it so
that when the room's really bright and
the computer's off it's got like an air
of mystery to it but when we have RGB
and lots of beautiful lights in it it's
going to Glow through and look really
really cool it looks really sick I'm
very excited with this being a Evo RGB
case it's not going to have the triple
glass panels that you find on the o1d
vision but you know it's still kind of
hitting a nice balance of performance
versus just Aesthetics speaking of which
this is a limited run case we got number
00 of
6,498 why would they make such a weird
number the amount of cases they're
building well it's actually the
displacement of the Aventador engine 6.5
L if they start at zero that means
there's technically 6,499 of these being
made just just saying another small
little detail that they've added is that
all of these thumb screws are accented
with the Gallow Orion which is the
signature y Lamborghini yellow also the
accent RGB on the case has been
specifically panone color matched to the
very same color on the back there's a
couple of buttons that aren't familiar
for uh Evo owners it says CPU GPU and
color because there's a special stat
screen that you can have in the back
here here just to look at the numbers
just cuz it's cool that's something that
you just don't see at all with any of
the Le and Le cases by default and
impressively they actually like made a
custom cutout on mounting mechanism if
you look at a normal Evo RGB this whole
back panel was just kind of mesh but
this has been purposely filled in to
mount the screen I will say I just
noticed something that makes me feel
like the screen might have been a bit of
an afterthought and that's the fact that
that cable that we got inside of our
accessories bin plugs into the back
through the the outside like this and a
USB cable right into your motherboard
it's the back of your PC case so it's
going to be full of cables anyways but
it's a little bit less than elegant they
went to the effort to make a specific
back panel but they didn't decide to uh
you know go all the way and make this
really smooth um outside of those little
accents this is actually its own unique
color compared to the normal black Evo
RGB I can't really tell the difference
without having them side by side this is
a nice black case but I don't know if it
seems that special of a
black now even though there's been a lot
of Evo style cases with the Dual
chambered layout I've actually never
built in an o1d EVO type case so I'm
actually really excited to look at this
and see what all of the fuss is about I
had a dual chamber case way back in the
day the Corsair a540 which was a beast
of a case back when or Corsair was like
just the king of the case game
I meant to do that thanks to epomaker
for sponsoring this video the th80 Pro
V2 is the latest to their th80 lineup
and touts a bunch of upgrades and new
additions it's now fully via
programmable and features a 1.14 in
customizable RGB screen that you can
personalize with the system information
or even your own image or logo maybe a
picture of a pretty friend maybe me and
of course it still has the awesome
features you'd expect like a hot
swappable PCB south facing RGB and
options for Wired and wireless
connections head over to our description
box and go check it out the one of the
cool things about this case is that it
has just a crazy amount of support at
the bottom of the case we have support
for a 360 mm Rad or 3 140 mm fans
another 360 mm Rad or 3 140 mm fans up
here at the top you can actually get a
420 mm radiator as well as again room
for three 140 mm fans I guess it should
yeah that maths out like it's a crazy
amount of support while still allowing
for that crazy amount of tempered glass
all Soo you see this
here we don't need that we can take this
out to get that nice seamless fish tank
kind of look and we're definitely going
to do that today another crazy thing is
that all of these are on brackets so
they're just easy to assemble you can
unscrew them take them out put all your
fans on and then put it back in Easy
Peasy on the back of our case we see the
other chamber for our power supply as
well as just a crazy amount of support
for storage in the modern day here you
can have four 2 and 1/2 in ssds or two 3
and 1/2 in hard drives and another two
ssds here on this woo swinging bracket
that has a magnet to close and you have
room for another two hard drives or ssds
with these removable cages I find it
weird how they kind of decided to cut
mesh into this um cuz it's not really
going to be a high airflow kind of area
it's going to go into the back of your
motherboard one thing that's a little
disappointing because it is a case in
2024 is that it doesn't appear to have
any support for back mounted power
adapters on your motherboard so if you
were hoping to get that cabless look
you're still kind of going to have to
deal with albeit the great Cable
Management that is available to us like
look at these mounts these nice rubber
grommets and all these convenient places
like they've really gone out of their
way to make this a great cable managing
experience if you want that super clean
reverse cutout look you can't get that
here maybe it has something to do with
the fact that this is actually a fully
reversible case um so while we have our
main computer chamber over here we can
actually reverse the whole thing and put
our PSU chamber over on the other side
and the and the glass side panels on
this so that if you want to put it on
the left side of your desk or the right
side of your desk you're never going to
have to deal with just staring at the uh
you know the less than interesting back
panel though maybe you would want that
cuz you can remember that you are number
zero can you imagine if they released it
they just all said that they were zero
everybody wins I think we're just about
ready to start building in it but before
we get there I just want to talk about
the front I/O and some of the buttons
here we have our power button reset
button and then four buttons dedicated
to the AR argb that's on the case itself
for front IO we have a USBC and two USB
a ports as well as a combo mic and audio
jack and one fun thing is that this is
actually removable which means you can
mount it in a few different locations on
the case you can put it on the side or
you can put it on the back to have a
totally clean cableless look while still
not losing out on ports I will say for a
case this big I wouldn't mind seeing a
little bit more front IO maybe two USBC
ports at least however le le does sell
an accessory where you can add a couple
of extras just would would be nice but
you know I don't know why it's always
the same kind of like twill pattern
though is there like different carbon
fiber patterns yeah everyone know maybe
that's probably the biggest part is that
it's just like well now you know it's
carbon fiber cuz it looks like this most
of the time when I'm doing cases on this
channel I'm doing small form factor
stuff so this it feels like it's going
to be a breeze of a build with all of
the space as well as oh that's where
that screw went in terms of motherboard
support this case supports uh ATX and
eatx motherboards you can put a radiator
at the bottom and at the top but
depending on the thickness of your
radiator you might encounter issues with
hitting the motherboard thankfully lean
Le has provided you with two different
mounting Heights for your motherboard to
allow for extra compatibility at the
bottom or at the top at the lowest
position you have a ton of space at the
top for a radiator plus thick fans but
you are kind of limited to just 25 mm
fans at the bottom we'll put the exact
compati ability dimensions on the screen
something to note it's still very
spacious case and you shouldn't have too
many issues but it's nice that they
included the feature we're going to be
doing the uh lower position because
we're not going to be doing a bunch of
crazy radiators and it's already in the
position by default since we know we
don't want this support bracket anyways
we're just going to get rid of it right
now not only have they like placed
inserts in here in a way that makes
sense but they also have left behind the
spare inserts so that you can set this
up as an organization tool however you
want that's pretty sick uh we're going
to start getting our fans installed and
to do that we're going to take out this
bottom bracket nice and easy like that
if you want to put 3 40 mm fans at the
front these are 120s but bear with me in
this position you need to use some sort
of a unian type solution where the they
are all connected because the top two
screw points on your fan will not have
anywhere to screw in so you need
something that allows them to connect
kind of like lean Le's uh unian solution
brand synergy you know I will say this
it's kind of surprising that they don't
give you any fans
whatsoever not one in the back not a
couple in the front especially for a
case at this price
point now let's get that PSU in then
we'll get the GPU in and then we're
going to be uh cruising there is a limit
to how long your power supplies can be
this is quite a large one I hope we're
not at that limit I think this does have
pretty good support one of the ways they
increase power supply compatibility is
that they have this little bracket that
juts out the back is it exactly elegant
no but is it the back of your computer
yeah so who cares that a that's a chunky
boy I am loving all of the easy Cable
Management back
here yeah yeah that's nice uh GPU time
we're almost folks there we are almost
there and uh I'm not going to lie this
has been a pretty smooth experience I
can really appreciate the crazy of
thought that went into producing this
case Asus back at it again with the
biggest GPU of all time we're just doing
a dark dark Rock Elite just an air
cooler this thing can support air
coolers up to 167 mm in height so pretty
much any air cooler you can throw at it
is going to fit except with the
exception of maybe some really really
big
ones I did all the cables
already this Noob forgot to install his
CPU Cooler I've built how many computers
in my life and I have made such a
terrible mistake I was worried because
this thing wasn't going in the back
because it was supposed to be put on
beforehand cuz I forgot cuz I'm a I made
a big mistake today you know there's a
lot of standoffs in this
motherboard and what that is preventing
us from doing is bending the motherboard
enough to get this bracket on the back
of it in its current position so we're
just going to take out a few of these
screws you don't need all of them right
yeah
yeah woo can I get a
woo
louder yeah let's
go not too much time lost I spent more
time panicking than I did actually
fixing it it was actually easier than I
thought everyone going get mad at me for
put on too much thermal paste because
I'm so overwhelmed right now and I
got to take that off you can't leave
that on just what I don't know if this
is how that goes yet I think I'm missing
some things I am I need to do this
first why isn't it screwing in day two
emotionally we've been cleansed we're
feeling
better off camera what we did was that
we got some lowprofile Ram so that this
cooler would now fit we've put our GPU
in and we're just about ready to try
booting her up did I flip the thingy on
ah okay
you
hey hey oh this is a I will say this
a definitely probably was thinking more
of an aiio when they decided to put this
screen back here it's not going to be
very visible with this honken air cooler
the fans looking good though there's a
lot of rainbow puke right now but it is
all coordinated let's get the panels on
the case and then we'll check out the
RGB Prof FS
so you can see that uh this is the far
more reflective side uh see you see
Glenn the inside of it is chromed so
it's like a half silvered mirror which
is what same kind of glass that you'd
use inside of like a police
interrogation Booth so there's a ton of
different manual RGB patterns and
profiles um you can set for solid colors
or some sort of breathing and
cycling tons of really cool stuff and
that's also going to sync up with our
fans inside once we get software
installed I don't think we're going to
do that so far I'm trying to just make
it the nice Lamborghini Gallow is that
the yellow cuz I feel like the yellow
and the screws was more um it was more
like this yellow that also feels kind of
green it does I don't really know that's
to me this is the nicer yellow and also
makes me think of like the Lamborghini
cars I've seen in real life I think the
carbon fiber looks really cool I think
that the color is great it's just a
great case overall to build in but
here's the thing and we're going to turn
the lights back on the lights are back
on but there's something I totally
forgot it's the screen which is kind of
hard to see currently I don't know if
the camera can pick it up at all but
it's in there it's on
um but it's not super bright and that's
kind of hard to see through this halfs
silvered
glass this is probably pre-released
software it'll probably have a different
name it might be integrated into the
lconnect app that they use that you can
use for like controlling the screens on
your fans and on the Galahad cooler
right now it's kind of early days and I
think and it looks like it's just its
own little thing because they don't have
a screen quite like this in their
catalog and there it is that's the
little screen it looks like the gauge
cluster on a car though it doesn't
really resemble any dashboard from
Lamborghini that I'm aware of uh you can
adjust it to show how fast and how hot
your GPU and CPU are running so this is
the CPU temperature the reason the GPU
is showing zero is because the GPU is
disabled on this laptop right now to
preserve battery life you can change
which stats you want to see your CPU or
your GPU we also have the color uh if I
press
it it's got a pretty solid delay before
it comes on but again it's just a
display screen it doesn't need to be
that crazy I am a little concerned about
how bright it is and it doesn't look
like the software has any sort of the
software just like makes it run it
doesn't seem to have any like gooey that
allows me to adjust settings or anything
like that it doesn't seem like it's very
customizable but how well can you see
that how visible is that screen pretty
visible is it what if I like angle it
like it's still pretty visible it's
still pretty visible okay it's a little
bit better than what it had when we just
had it running idle I wish there was
more places to mount it it feels like it
was very much slapped in there in the
last minute cuz you can't uh mount it at
the front or anything like that has its
position at the back there and that is
where it shall stay and if you're
somebody who would rather have an air
cooler than an
AIO um it kind of gets overshadowed by
your air cooler which is disappointing
because outside of the carbon fiber and
the screen they don't really add a lot
of value for the price that they're
charging and that price is $29 $99 which
is
$140 more than what the Evo RGB normal
Edition
costs so in one way it looks slick it
seems it's probably pretty powerful but
it's way overpriced so it's suiting for
Lamborghini which is a shame because man
this looks so cool if you wanted to do
this kind of mirrored look you could do
it yourself by just buying a reflective
film that goes on the inside it's a
pretty easy mod to do uh takes like
maybe half an hour it's not that
expensive and you can get a similar look
it won't look quite as good as a from
the factory application but if it was
$50 more expensive rather than 140 I
would say that this would be an easy
recommend if you really wanted to go for
the reflective look but it's tough to
recommend this when the premium is so
high just so you can get a specific case
number and um pledge allegiance to an
Italian automaker but despite my price
problems what remains true is that this
is an excellent flexible case that looks
great there's a reason why everybody is
making one of these and why everybody
wants one they're awesome maybe it's a
little boring at this point but I'm not
going to lie this is my first time
building in it it is a great experience
Le and Le has really knocked it out of
the park and I get why they just keep
trying to pump out the same thing
because it's a damn good product thanks
for watching short circuit if you liked
this video why don't you check out
another cool expensive case the Thor
Zone Nano Q it's a small formfactor case
it's Ultra Premium and also kind of
wonky